Update docs (#274)
weaveworks/profiles: userdocs/profiles.dev/docs/installer-docs/using-catalogs.md

If your cluster admin has added a profile catalog to your cluster, you can
use `pctl` to search for and install profiles approved by your organisation.

> Check out the [Managing Catalogs](/docs/catalog-docs/add-profiles) section to learn 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [Adding Profiles](/docs/catalog-docs/add-profiles) section to learn 
```
